## Definition of Done

**General**
 - [ ] Your branch is up-to-date with development branch
 - [ ] A Readme.md file is generated as part of the blueprint which, at the minimum, explains how to use the blueprint after it is generated(like adding any missing steps, creating accounts, setting up docker containers, applying the yaml using XL-CLI, running release etc). Place this file preferably in the XebiaLabs folder. Do not add the blueprint generation steps here as it wont be useful since the file is ceated only after the blueprint generation.
 - [ ] The blueprint must use an XL product at some capacity
 - [ ] There are no sensitive info in blueprints(tokens, credentials, licence), for questions that ask for password or sensitive info use `secret: true` in the `bleuprint.yaml` parameter definition.
 - [ ] Do not add the `xebialabs/.gitignore`, `xebialabs/values.xlvals` and `xebialabs/secrets.xlvals` to the `bleuprint.yaml` files section, and do not check in those files, as they are autogenerated based on parameter definitions. Secrets are created when a parameter in the `blueprint.yaml` has the `secret: true` directive. For adding parameters to `values.xlvals` use the `saveInXlVals: true` directive.
 - [ ] Please do not ask questions for trivial things like phase names, task names, folder names etc, ask questions that add value and be opinionated where possible. For example ask for a project name and derive folder names, task names etc based on that.
 - [ ] Folder and file names must use dash-case, for example: `aws/sample-app-demo`, `xld-environment.yaml`
 
 
 
**Testing**
- [ ] Works on Linux, Windows and Mac
- [ ] Code is reviewed by someone else in the team
- [ ] Blueprint is manually tested with dockerised instances of our products
- [ ] CI is green
